I regret to say I won't be able
to lose that game tomorrow.
My deepest apologies.
You can punish me any way
you wish, afterwards.
But until then, please,
don't try to win this one,
master.
[giggles]
Perfectly safe, you see?
And you doubted me.
Anyways, gotta go!
Bye-Bye!
[SARASA]
So that's how it is.
The Little Devil was
behind everything.
You've heard of her?
[SARASA]
Who hasn't?
I mean, a Six Star
with that personality?
She's probably one of the most
famous people at Eimei.
[giggles]
But doing this? Taking Yuki?
That's not cute at all.
Still, it was all well executed.
Although, who's to say
she's the mastermind?
There could be someone else.
Subversion does seem
to be her thing.
[mocks]
She's careful
with what she says.
Makes her hard to read.
Obfuscating the truth is
the Little Devil's specialty
but, all that aside,
I don't see how we're
gonna win without Yuki.
I'm not exactly well-versed
at cheating.
You're telling me.
I don't even know
how to contact the Company.
-So what--
-[KAGAYA] I'm home!
[both surprised]
[HIROTO]
Kagaya?
Yup, Kagaya is my name.
Probs. Maybies.
Huh?
What's Hiro-bro doin'
chillin' at my place?
[thud]
Nice timing.
Sh-Sh-Sh-Shirayuki's
gone missing?
Hiro, did you try
to force yourself on her?
I'd never! She didn't run away!
Akizuki probably ambushed her.
She was kidnapped.
[KAGAYA]
Oh, the humanity!
And, who's she? Looks shady.
Uh, well, I'm Shinohara's ally.
-Hm.
-Yeah.
She's a friend I can trust.
The interrogation stops there.
It's real nice to meet you.
Okay, Hoodie Girl.
Um, I guess
you can call me that.
All right, moving on.
It's time for a plan
to rescue Himeji.
♪
Here's the details on the game
Shirayuki requested.
The Scalene Love Triangle.
Basically,
it's a kind of card game.
Contestants start off
with ten cards,
which they then play one
at a time.
Each card has a relative value,
and whoever plays
the higher one,
wins 'em both as a reward.
Once all the starting cards
have been played,
whoever's managed
to claim the most, wins.
TLDR, get more cards
than your opponent.
If it's a draw,
the cards stay on the board
and whoever wins the next round
gets to take the lot.
So with both players
having ten cards apiece,
and with one bonus card
set aside,
that amounts
to 21 cards in total,
and 21 does not split evenly.
Which means,
you need the bigger half.
If you end the game
with at least eleven cards,
you win.
Now, lemme give you
a breakdown--
[HIROTO]
She put this together already?
How smart is she?
So, uh, what values do
the cards have anyway?
[chortles]
I actually just finished
compiling that.
And, boom!
[HIROTO]
[exhales] I get it.
Wait, why's the Commoner card
so underpowered?
The Commoners.
They have
some cool utility skills
the others don't have to make up
for their value-weakness.
Look at this.
[HIROTO]
Are those the sets?
[KAGAYA] Yup, but which one
you get given is randomized.
[SARASA]
Set A looks like it's stronger.
It is.
Whoever starts off with Set B
has a huge handicap
right off the bat.
[cell phone rings]
What is it?
A message just sent
from Himeji's Device.
[SARASA]
A list of her chosen abilities?
Why's she sharing those with us?
Well, whatever the reason,
it certainly makes
planning easier.
She'll definitely get Set A
with Probability Fluctuation,
eliminating the randomness
in her favor.
Sadly, that means
the possibility of you
getting Set B,
is now a certainty.
Forced Control?
What's that one about?
It's an insidious ability
that lets you take control
of your opponent's moves.
[shocked]
[SARASA]
Yuki will be able
to hijack
your first three turns,
to completely demolish
your opening strategy.
Your strongest cards
will be wasted
before you can even use them,
and she'll gain
a significant early lead.
After that,
the real game begins.
Man, this sounds
like an absolute nightmare.
For real. Yuki's seriously going
for the win here.
[laughs]
That, my friends,
is where we come in.
If you can't win alone,
then don't.
That is our brand of justice.
First, as a woman
blessed by electronics,
your big sis Kagaya here
will hack into the system,
then our flawless,
magnanimous leader Shirayuki
will think up a plan--
Or at least she would have
if she hadn't been kidnapped!
It's hopeless.
Shirayuki's always the one
with the strategies.
A body can't move
without a brain to guide it.
[SARASA]
We've got one.
-Right here.
-Huh?
I can do it.
When it comes to strategizing,
I'm at least as experienced
as Yuki.
You would do that for us?
Yeah, of course.
But first, I wanna hear
about the skills
of the Commoner cards.
Oh, yeah, right, right, right,
on it!
[KAGAYA]
For a card skill to activate,
it has to remain on the board
when a turn ends.
So essentially, the skills only
activate when there's a draw.
[HIROTO] Woah, those are
some pretty powerful effects.
Yeah, but they're all
pretty much useless
unless your opponent plays
a Commoner or an Assassin.
Yeah, well,
with skills or without them,
we're still gonna get crushed
at the start.
Those first three turns are
an unnegotiable mess
that'll screw everything up
for us.
But they also clue us
into what's gonna happen.
"What's gonna happen"?
[SARASA]
There are two Commoner skills
that Yuki will
definitely want rid of first.
Explosive Growth,
which awards you cards
equal to the turn number,
and Trojan Horse,
which can upend the game.
Right, makes sense,
but Forced Control lasts
for three turns.
Won't she go
after Great Revolution, too?
Simple Extraction
will allow her to destroy it.
Ah, if that's the case,
opening turn, Himeji will play
her Simple Extraction Commoner,
then make me play my Assassin,
leading to a draw.
Skill activated, she removes
my Trojan Horse card.
The next turn,
she'll play a Knight
to get rid of the Explosive
Growth Commoner,
then a Royalty card
to take my Knight.
Not good, by the time
those three turns are up,
she'll have all
but eviscerated you.
Counting the bonus card,
we'll already be
seven cards behind
before we can make
our first real move.
By which point, she'll only be
four cards away from victory.
And the cards I would have left
by turn four
will be way too weak
to catch up.
[SARASA]
You're not wrong there,
so if we can't win
by closing the gap,
then maybe we can win
by reversing it.
Huh?
In the abilities
for Six Stars and up,
there's one
with the name 'Enchant'.
It lets you imbue an item
with a bonus effect.
In theory, you could take
a regular Commoner
from your hand,
and give it a brand-new skill
like
"Exchange All Collected Cards."
-Huh. Tell me, Kagaya.
-Huh?
Can you make an ability
like the one she just said?
One I can actually use?
Some cheat-skill
that would make it look
like I used Enchant
to turn the tide of the game?
That's a tough one.
Maybe I could ask one
of the other members to--
No, I can't, they might be
monitoring communications.
Look, you wandering
in here tonight
was a massive stroke of luck.
I need you, Kagaya.
All right, fine.
I'm not sure how I'll do it,
but as the Company's Head
of Electronics,
I'll figure something out.
It'll be the cheapest exploit
a cheater like you
could ask for!
I owe you big time!
Take care of our girl
and we're good.
I'm borrowing the server room.
[chortles]
I hope she finishes in time.
Don't worry,
she may appear ditzy,
but she's a Grade A genius.
Duly noted,
now make sure
you load your abilities
before the game tomorrow, okay?
The go-to's not certain yet.
So for now just equip
as best you can.
-Hmm.
-Hey, what's wrong?
Himeji told me
that I shouldn't try
to win this game.
I know I can't just lose,
but something about this is
really bothering me.
[sighs]
-[door knocks]
-[startled]
♪
Th-Thanks for waiting up,
Shinohara.
Okay, just to reiterate this.
It's late, and the only reason
I'm staying here
is because it's way
past my curfew.
If I went back at this hour,
I'd get into a whole heap
of trouble,
resulting in more surveillance
on me,
and then I couldn't help you
tomorrow.
All right! I get it already.
It's not like
I'd kick someone out
in the middle of the night
anyway.
Until Yuki gets back safely,
I can't take any risks
that would--
I said I get it!
Geez, if you're that nervous,
go sleep in a different room.
Look, it's not
like I'm thrilled about this.
I just really don't wanna be
alone tonight, okay?
I'll turn off the lights.
[SARASA]
Yeah, okay.
Hey, you still awake?
[SARASA]
You can't get to sleep either?
-[sighs] Guess not.
-[sighs] I'm glad.
Honestly, I don't usually go
to bed as early as this,
and I keep worrying about Yuki.
Do you wanna chat
until you get tired?
[SARASA]
I guess.
How about a quiz?
Like, fill in the stuff
you don't know about the island.
The system, and abilities,
and such.
Oh, uh.
Himeji kind of caught me up
on all that.
[SARASA]
That sounds like her.
I could test you to see
how much you've retained?
No need.
Kagaya can dig it up for me.
[SARASA] You can't always just
rely on other people, you know?
With what's going on,
you have to see that.
It never hurts to be prepared,
after all.
Oh, yeah, right.
Shinohara, hold out your hand.
Here.
[HIROTO]
What is this?
It's a present,
or a card that allows you
to install a rare ability.
[HIROTO] Oh, wow, I didn't know
you could buy them.
Not all of them are official.
Just consider it a sort of
good luck charm, all right?
A good luck charm, huh?
-Thank you.
-Yeah.
If you get a chance to use it,
you better not hesitate.
I'm trusting you to save her.
[nods]
If anyone can, it's you.
You cheat
as if you were born for it.
And besides, you're
my accomplice, aren't you?
Not even Noa Akizuki can get
the best of someone like you.
Yeah, you're right.
[ICHINOSE]
Next up,
transfer student
turned Academy Representative.
Hiroto Shinohara
will now address you.
[HIROTO]
How's it going?
My name's Hiroto Shinohara,
your new Seven Star.
For the next two years,
one person and one person alone
will reign over you
as your lord and master,
and that's me.
[NOA]
It's okay. You can do this.
You're so cute and clever,
remember?
There's no way you could lose
to a lying impostor like him.
Never.
[HIROTO]
Class is over at Ouka, too.
That brat should be sneaking
onto Eimei grounds anytime now.
-[cell phone rings]
-[KAGAYA] Yo, Hiro,
the program's passed
its final checks
and is ready to use.
Go nuts.
Thank you, Kagaya!
[NOA]
Could it be?
[giggles]
What a coinky-dink.
Fancy seeing you two here.
"Coinky-dink"?
You have no shame.
Huh? Don't be such a meanie!
Anyway,
you're about to play a Trial
with your maid friend,
aren't you?
I'd love to sit in and watch.
Suit yourself.
I was hoping we'd have
some kind of audience.
[giggles]
[HIROTO]
Everything's ready to go.
Before we start,
I'd like to thank you
for accommodating such a sudden
and selfish request.
As I explained yesterday.
I cannot,
under any circumstances,
lose this Trial
even if you're my opponent.
No, rather,
it's because you're my opponent,
that I mustn't lose here.
As such, I'll give it my all.
♪
First of all,
I use Probability Fluctuation.
This lets me bypass
the randomized draw,
and take Set A for myself.
[HIROTO]
Right.
[SHIRAYUKI]
And, apologies in advance,
this next part may prove
a little galling.
I have activated Forced Control.
Oh! Hiroto, your maid-friend's
gonna have her way with you
for three whole turns.
[HIROTO]
Just as I expected.
I'll start with my exploits
as soon
as Forced Control runs out.
Great Revolution?
Now then, next turn.
[gasps]
[SHIRAYUKI]
And now for my third turn.
[giggles]
[HIROTO]
That's weird.
I still have
the Trojan Horse Commoner,
the Knight, and the Assassin
left in my hand.
And the way she just wasted
the powerful
Undefeated Hero card like that.
She's going way too easy on me.
[HIROTO]
Carelessness?
No, it's more like baiting.
Hang on, could this whole Trial
be one big trap?
So what?
Defeat by way of victory?
I win and something bad
happens to me?
It can't be,
Himeji would never throw me
to the wolves like that.
Think.
She must have given me
some kind of sign.
Something that would escape
anyone's notice but mine.
[SHIRAYUKI] Don't try
to win this one, master.
[HIROTO] She explicitly said
she can't lose,
but she's obviously
not trying to win.
There are 21 cards in total.
The ten cards
in each player's hand,
plus one bonus card.
It's an odd number
as to prevent a draw.
Odd?
[gasps] That's it!
That's what you were going for!
[KAGAYA]
Huh? Abort the operation?
But I pulled an all-nighter,
man!
Thanks for waiting, Himeji.
I'll take my fourth turn now.
I'll start by activating
the Afterthought ability.
Right, then I'll play this.
HIROTO]
I knew it!
Huh?
Apologies, I was just surprised
that you'd make
a silly mistake like that.
Well then, I'm about
to shock you even more.
♪
Hey, what are you doing?
Are you playing bad on purpose?
Knock that off.
Simmer down, if you shut up,
you might learn something.
[angry]
This is end, right?
That's right.
Himeji's collected 15 cards.
She has a Queen and an Assassin
left in her hand.
All I'm holding is a Commoner.
If you play the Assassin,
you win the game.
[SHIRAYUKI]
It seems so.
[HIROTO] If that's Assassin,
it'll mean utter defeat for me.
All of Sarasa and Kagaya's help
will have been wasted,
and I'll lose everything.
But, my trust in Himeji
is absolute!
This isn't a battle.
It's a performance
designed to trick
a facetious audience of one.
Right?
Before the All-Campus
Elimination Battle,
we came up
with our own secret phrase.
[SHIRAYUKI, HIROTO]
"Yes, my Master."
[HIROTO]
I know that's the Queen, Himeji.
[SHIRAYUKI]
Are you certain of that?
[HIROTO]
Tell you what.
If it's not, I'll share dozens
of humiliating secrets with you.
[SHIRAYUKI]
That's unfortunate, then.
I sincerely would have liked
to hear them.
All of your
embarrassing secrets.
[angry]
[HIROTO] When it's a Commoner
versus a Queen, the Queen wins.
However,
this is where my Trojan Horse
comes into play.
[SHIRAYUKI]
Yes. As per the effect,
half of the cards
I have collected
transfer over to you, Master.
[HIROTO] And now I have
collected a total of ten,
with none left in my hand.
[SHIRAYUKI] My final card
goes into my collection.
Which means I also have
a total of ten.
[HIROTO]
When you told me not to win,
you weren't telling me to lose.
You were asking me to force
a draw, right?
[Noa chuckles]
A draw, huh?
[SHIRAYUKI]
Indeed.
The State of Conflict
is resolved,
but neither of us
lost the Trial.
So, as the rules dictate,
both of us remain
in the contest.
[NOA]
I see.
Oh, my.
Kinda tired all of a sudden.
Excuse me.
[HIROTO]
Wait!
[NOA]
Don't you know girls hate it
when you grab them like that?
[HIROTO]
You owe me an explanation.
[NOA]
About what?
Don't play dumb.
This wasn't random.
You've been planning
to tear me down from the top
for a while now, haven't you?
Huh? What do you mean?
I was just trying to--
[SHIRAYUKI] You can't
talk your way out of this.
I already know, Akizuki.
You installed Spying
on my Device
when you found me last night.
[KAGAYA] Yuck! That's
a really nasty illegal ability.
All data handled
by the Device gets leaked,
and it can record
and monitor stuff too.
It's mega-invasive!
Huh?
[HIROTO] So that's why
you cut off all communication
and said you couldn't come home.
[SHIRAYUKI]
Yes.
[NOA]
Until this time tomorrow,
you can't quit
the elimination battle,
run away from it, or throw it.
And as long as you avoid
all of that,
the program will delete
automatically.
Do you understand, Maid-Friend?
The spy program came
with a contagious subroutine.
It was set up
so that if the owner
of the Device lost a game,
it would move to the winner's.
[HIROTO]
That's horrifying!
Thanks, Himeji.
Nice save!
[SHIRAYUKI]
I've had the chance
to back up
last night's access logs.
You incorrectly thought
Display Bug would mask it.
But in the hands
of Headmistress Ichinose,
the source of the hack
can be located.
[NOA]
Why you?
Why is it you?
[metal table slams]
Why? Why? Why?
It makes no sense!
I worked so hard
to set all of this up!
How could you possibly
still win?
Where's the justice?
The fairness?
You used lies and tricks
to push your way
to the front of the line!
What do you mean by that?
Becoming a Seven Star as soon
as you got to Academy Island?
There's no way!
I really, really can't stand
people who cheat!
You remember
what I told you before?
About the survey
for the Elimination Battle?
How you were listed
so much higher
than the rest of us?
[HIROTO]
Uh, yeah.
[NOA]
You know, there was a poll
just like that
at the closing ceremony.
They asked, "Who do you think
will be the school's ace?"
And it was me!
I was number one.
But the second
you transferred in,
I became nothing.
Everyone turned their backs
on me and flocked to you.
The shiny new thing!
I spent years working my fingers
to the bone,
trying to build myself up.
And then you show up
out of nowhere
and I lose it all?
Just like that?
[KAGAYA]
Whew, false alarm.
No evidence of our shenanigans
after all, folks.
[HIROTO]
But, it's true.
She worked so hard,
and I just cheated.
So I thought,
the least I could do
is take something from you.
And without your
indispensable Maid Friend,
you wouldn't be able
to fight so well.
So I came up with a plan
that would have
the two of you face each other.
Man, and the trouble
I went through to set it up.
I even had to make a deal
with the devi--
[gasps]
[HIROTO] I think
we've discovered our mastermind.
Akizuki's talented.
But no student would be able
to put all this together
without some serious help.
Well, your plan's hit
a brick wall.
So why not tell us
what you know?
[laughs]
What are you talking about?
You think this is the end?
That I'll just quietly roll over
and take it?
[both shocked]
I'm way too cute and clever
to throw myself
into something like this
without a backup plan
for when things go sideways.
See, the ability I installed
on the maid's Device
works in two stages.
When, for any reason,
the main skill
'Spying' deactivates,
another skill surreptitiously
activates in the background.
[HIROTO]
Another?
[NOA] Yeah.
It's called Destructive Impulse.
It smashes all of the data
on that Device
into itty bitty bits
and broken little bytes.
It's a real killer ability.
All I have to do is push
the activation button here,
and your maid friend's Device
turns
into a glorified paper-weight.
-[Hiroto, Shirayuki shocked]
-[Noa giggles]
And then, tragically,
your poor little Maid
will have to leave
Academy Island.
[SHIRAYUKI]
What about you?
If people find out that you
made use of an illegal ability,
the whole island will
turn against you.
You'll be ruined.
And what am I supposed
to do, huh? Back down?
-[grunts]
-[gasps]
[gasps] Himeji!
Hey, Hiroto,
what's say you and I
play a game together?
Not a dumb Trial, an actual game
with stars on the line.
Uh...
[NOA] But it's not gonna be
all fair and square this time.
I'm sick of that, no one else
really does it anyway.
[laughs]
I'm just like that devil now.
I went ahead
and signed my soul away.
Now, I can't go back anymore.
[HIROTO]
"That devil"?
Who the hell does she mean?
No, one thing at a time.
[NOA]
So, if you want me
to return your
little maid friend here,
then just be a good boy
and lose to me, okay?
Hand over your stars right now
and throw yourself at my feet.
Kneel before me
in front of everybody,
declaring I'm the one
and only true Seven Star,
and all of your sins
will be forgiven.
Doesn't that sound right?
Because I know that everything
about you is a lie.
[HIROTO]
Something's seriously wrong.
She knows too much but how?
All I can think of
is the stolen Green Star
that enhances perception!
[giggles]
Don't think
I'm gonna let you cheap out
with a pitiful draw this time.
We'll fight one last,
decisive battle, yeah?
Tabletop Treasure Hunt's
the game.
Sound good?
Then let's get this started,
shall we?